README.md, before:

<div id="top"></div>

# 25 + 5 Clock ⏰

This project is a responsive web application that allows users to use a pomodoro timer to break down work into intervals, traditionally 25 minutes in length, separated by short breaks. Thats why is called 25 + 5 clock

## Description 💡

This project is a 25 + 5 clock, which is a time management system that encourages people to work with the time they have—rather than against it. Using this method, you break your workday into 25-minute chunks separated by five-minute breaks. These intervals are referred to as pomodoros.

This project was built as part of the **[freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification](https://www.freecodecamp.org/certification/1diazdev/front-end-development-libraries)**. The goal was to build a 25 + 5 clock with React.

<div align="center">

[![25 + 5 clock](https://img.shields.io/badge/View%20Demo-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=Google-Chrome&logoColor=white)](https://25.jpdiaz.dev/)
[![repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/View%20Code-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=GitHub&logoColor=white)](https://stackblitz.com/github.com/JuanPabloDiaz/25-5_clock)

</div>

### Desktop View 🖥️

<img src="./src/assets/images/desktop.png" width="" />

### iPad view 📱

<img src="./src/assets/images/ipad.png" width="300" />

### Mobile view 📱

<img src="./src/assets/images/phone.png" width="250" />

### Lighthouse Score 🚀

<img src="./src/assets/images/lighthouse.png" />

## Features:

- Responsive design: [25 + 5 Clock](https://25.jpdiaz.dev) adapts to any screen size, ensuring a consistent and enjoyable experience for all users.
- Sleek and modern UI: Tailwind CSS provides a beautiful and intuitive user interface.
- Efficient and performant: Vite.js ensures fast loading times and a smooth experience.

### Built With 🔑

Welcome to [25 + 5 Clock](https://25.jpdiaz.dev), a simple and intuitive pomodoro timer built with React.js, Vite.js, and Tailwind CSS.

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=React&logoColor=black)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Vite&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind-CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind%20CSS-06B6D4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Tailwind-CSS&logoColor=white)

Here's a closer look at the tech stack:

- Front-End: React.js, Vite.js, Tailwind CSS
- Back-End: N/A
- Deployment: Vercel

## Get started 🛠️

To get started with [25 + 5 Clock](https://25.jpdiaz.dev), simply clone the repository and follow the setup instructions. You'll be up and running in no time!

### Setup 📋

1. Clone the repo
2. Install dependencies
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. Start the development server
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```
4. Open [http://localhost:5173/](http://localhost:5173/) with your browser to see the result.

## Contribution 🤝

I welcome contributions to the [25 + 5 Clock](https://25.jpdiaz.dev)! Feel free to fork the repository and submit pull requests with your improvements.

## License 📜

[25 + 5 Clock](https://25.jpdiaz.dev) is licensed under the MIT License.

I hope you enjoy using the 25 + 5 Clock!

<!-- OTHER PROJECTS -->

## Other Projects 🚀

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platzi_Repos-121f3d?style=for-the-badge&logo=Platzi&logoColor=98CA3F)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/2021-222?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/JuanPabloDiaz/platzi/tree/main/2021)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/2022-222?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/JuanPabloDiaz/platzi/tree/main/2022)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/2023-222?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/JuanPabloDiaz/platzi/tree/main/2023)

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact 📞

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/@1diazdev-fff?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=0A66C2)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/1diazdev/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/@1diazdev-fff?style=for-the-badge&logo=Twitter&logoColor=1DA1F2)](https://www.twitter.com/1diazdev)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-fff?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=EA4335)](mailto:juan.diaz93@hotmail.com)

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platzi_Profile-121f3d?style=for-the-badge&logo=Platzi&logoColor=98CA3F)](https://platzi.com/p/DiazJuan/)

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->

## Acknowledgments 📚

Resources list that I find helpful and would like to give credit to.

- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Vite.js](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">👆 Top 👆</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Refactor project to build a calculator with React.js

README.md, after:

<div id="top"></div>

# Calculator

A simple calculator project built with React.js, Vite.js, and Tailwind CSS. This project was built as part of the **[freeCodeCamp Front End Libraries Certification](https://www.freecodecamp.org/certification/1diazdev/front-end-development-libraries)**. The goal was to build a calculator with React.

<div align="center">

[![calculator](https://img.shields.io/badge/View%20Demo-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=Google-Chrome&logoColor=white)](https://math.jpdiaz.dev/)
[![repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/View%20Code-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=GitHub&logoColor=white)](https://stackblitz.com/github.com/JuanPabloDiaz/calculator)

</div>

### Desktop View 🖥️

<img src="./src/assets/images/desktop.png" width="" />

### iPad view 📱

<img src="./src/assets/images/ipad.png" width="300" />

### Mobile view 📱

<img src="./src/assets/images/phone.png" width="250" />

### Lighthouse Score 🚀

<img src="./src/assets/images/lighthouse.png" />

## Features:

- Responsive design: [calculator](https://math.jpdiaz.dev) adapts to any screen size, ensuring a consistent and enjoyable experience for all users.
- Sleek and modern UI: Tailwind CSS provides a beautiful and intuitive user interface.
- Efficient and performant: Vite.js ensures fast loading times and a smooth experience.

### Built With 🔑

Welcome to [calculator](https://math.jpdiaz.dev), a simple and intuitive pomodoro timer built with React.js, Vite.js, and Tailwind CSS.

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=React&logoColor=black)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Vite&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind-CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind%20CSS-06B6D4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Tailwind-CSS&logoColor=white)

Here's a closer look at the tech stack:

- Front-End: React.js, Vite.js, Tailwind CSS
- Back-End: N/A
- Deployment: Vercel

## Get started 🛠️

To get started with [calculator](https://math.jpdiaz.dev), simply clone the repository and follow the setup instructions. You'll be up and running in no time!

### Setup 📋

1. Clone the repo
2. Install dependencies
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. Start the development server
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```
4. Open [http://localhost:5173/](http://localhost:5173/) with your browser to see the result.

## Contribution 🤝

I welcome contributions to the [calculator](https://math.jpdiaz.dev)! Feel free to fork the repository and submit pull requests with your improvements.

## License 📜

[calculator](https://math.jpdiaz.dev) is licensed under the MIT License.

I hope you enjoy using the calculator!

<!-- OTHER PROJECTS -->

## Other Projects 🚀

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platzi_Repos-121f3d?style=for-the-badge&logo=Platzi&logoColor=98CA3F)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/2021-222?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/JuanPabloDiaz/platzi/tree/main/2021)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/2022-222?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/JuanPabloDiaz/platzi/tree/main/2022)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/2023-222?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/JuanPabloDiaz/platzi/tree/main/2023)

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact 📞

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/@1diazdev-fff?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=0A66C2)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/1diazdev/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/@1diazdev-fff?style=for-the-badge&logo=Twitter&logoColor=1DA1F2)](https://www.twitter.com/1diazdev)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-fff?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=EA4335)](mailto:juan.diaz93@hotmail.com)

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platzi_Profile-121f3d?style=for-the-badge&logo=Platzi&logoColor=98CA3F)](https://platzi.com/p/DiazJuan/)

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->

## Acknowledgments 📚

Resources list that I find helpful and would like to give credit to.

- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Vite.js](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">👆 Top 👆</a>)</p>
